---
layout: post
title: "First Day"
categories: [log]
tags: [server, GitHub, data, setup, computer,Questions]
---


## Commits

### The server

The HP computer was set up so I can connect to the server via ssh to the computer *kerr.cesr.fr*. 

At first I will begin working with the computer of a previous Dr. Webb student. To connect use:

```bash
ssh -X detoeuf@kerr.cesr.fr
```

The password was given by Dr. Webb.   

I added the files ~/.vimrc and ~/pythonrc and added the line *export PYTHONSTARTUP* to ~/.bashrc

### The GitHub Repository

I created a private git repository called *muse2016* (https://github.com/manuelmarcano22/muse2016). 

### Data Download from ESO

I downloaded the observation of the Cluster **NGC 6397**. The observation day was *2014-08-02*. The data can be download from the website [ESO Archive](archive.eso.org/eso/eso_archive_main.html) after creating an account. My username is *mmarcano22*


### My IRAP account

My username is `mpichardo` and webmail is `mpichardo@irap.omp.eu`

### Astropy:

The server does have ipython and the module Astropy installed for python2, but not for python3.  Useful commands:

```python
from astropy.io import fits`
```

### To read the header from a fit:
hdulist = fits.open("name-of-file")
hduheado = hdulist[0].header


## To-Dos
- [x] ~~Download data to start processing.~~ Downloaded data taken on 2014-08-02 for NGC 6397.

### Questions and Problems:

- [x] ~~How to get the type information from header. Can fit it on the header. How many BIAS are needed?~~ All in *HIERARCH ESO ---*. 

- [x] ~~MUSE cal bias and cal bias linearity?.~~ Only cal_bias in the same day. Can use cal_bias simply

- [x] ~~Problem merging Bias works with max of 10 and min of 3.. When 11 doesn't work.~~ Wrong command to use it in parallel was missing the `taskset` described in Appendix C.

- [x] ~~No Darks that same day. 200 in total for MUSE. Which one to use?. Also different ExpTime for the darks from 1200 to 3600. Object is 60. In the Manual it says that the dark current is small so the dark is optional.~~  No darks for now.

- [x] ~~Many flats that day but only 3 with to that target RA and DEC. Only those 3?.~~ Downloaded all Flats of the night. 

- [x] ~~Got problem *"unable to find recipe muse_bias"*.~~. I created a new config file and included where all the libs where the path is: `/opt/reflex/install/lib/esopipes-plugins/muse-1.0.1`

- [x] ~~Use muse_bias.rc?~~ Not for now. 

- [x] ~~Appendix D Calibrations for Commissioning and Science Verification Data. Use those Geometry and Astrometric table and Solution?~~ Found them online.

- [x] ~~BADPIX_TABLE in flat? It is optional and says: "The use if a bad pixel table may actually degrade the tracing solution if it contains bad columns"~~. Used the one in cal folder.

- [x] ~~Where to find DPR TYPE WAVE for the wavelength calibration. They should be in MUSE calibration template~~. Will download it from online catalog.  

