---
layout: post
title: "MUSE and NGC 6397"
categories: [log]
tags: [modes, NGC6397, python,twilight, sky, astrometry, standard, questions]
---

## Commits

### Read-out Modes

There are two read-out modes. SC1.0 and FAST. FAST is only used in engineering mode and it is used for fast processing with 1x4 binning. That is why the set of flats and BIAS is a set of 22. 11 in FAST and 11 in SCI1, at least this dataset for August. Also object had some FAST mode. 

### MUSE NGC 6397 Article

There are two articles from the people that took the data of the cluster using MUSE and the VLT. The first one *MUSE crowded field 3D spectroscopy of over 12 000 stars in the globular cluster NGC 6397*. First author Tim-Oliver HUsser (http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01649). For the second the first author is Sebastian Kamann (http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01643).


### Python 

To write the header to a file can do:

```python
f = open('file.txt', 'w')
f.write(repr(tempfit[0].header[0:810]))
f.close
```
To append to the file change the 'w' for a 'a'. 



### SKY

Are (almost) empty sky fields. We could find for our dataset Maybe not needed in the Sky Creation section the manual reads: "It is only needed if the observed object fills the field-of-view to such an extent that a reasonable sky spectrum cannot obtained directly on the observation itself." Maybe that is why they didn't do it. 


### Twilight

I could the whole 7 SKYFLATs I downloaded because of lack of memory. I could only process 5 with the muse_twilight recipe. There is no way to process them in series like the other recipes with the option --nifu=0.


### STD and Astrometry.


Which one to use? I downloaded a few from around those days. The closes std is at RA: 290 DEC -45. The object is at RA: 265 DEC: -22. For astrometry closest is RA: 283 DEC: -22 .

#### Questions
- [x] ~~What Astrometry to use? Use the calibration files?. Downloaded close to that day.~~ Hayley on Feb-25-16 suggested not to do Astrometry. Use the one from the calibration file but do the STD.  
- [x] ~~What STD to use? Use the ones given in the calibration files? Downloaded close to that day.~~ There should always be at least one that day. Use it. When possible avoid having to use the one from the calibration file. Advice given by Dr. Hayley Finley on Feb-25-16.   
- [ ] How taskset and OMP_NUM_THREAD work. Different numbers?
- [x] ~~How many flats to use?~~ Use a set of 11. The closest to your object. TO process the 11 can't do it in parallel have to do it serially. 


## To-Dos
- [x] ~~BIAS with a set of 11.~~Make sure is 11 in SCI mode read out. 
- [x] ~~Flat with a set of 11~~
- [x] Wavelengt_calibration with a set of 15. 
- [x] muse_twilight with one ILLUM. 
- [x] ~~Automate MASTER_BIAS and FLATS. The problem is that it consumes too much memory.~~ DO it in series not parallel. Longer but can fit in memory. 
- [x] ~~See how many arc can use due to memory limitation for the line spread function.~~ They appear to be taken in set of 15. 5 for each lamp. See how many can process. Can process all 15 
- [x] ~~Download all STD and ASTROMETRY for near the date.~~ 17 Astrometry and 39 STD. 

